Skip to content
Morgan Stanley
INVESTOR RELATIONS
MEDIA RELATIONS
CLIENT LOGIN 
Our Insights
What We Do
About Us
Why Us
Careers

Old School Grit.
New World Ideas.
For 87 years, we’ve had a passion for what’s possible. We leverage the full resources of our firm to help individuals, families and institutions reach their financial goals.

Play full video   
01

Why Morgan Stanley?

02

How we can help

03

Building a future we believe in

04

Get started

05

Stay in the know

Why Morgan Stanley?
Integration with impact
We work as one team, bringing the right people, technology and expertise together for you.


Service with perspective
We listen more than we talk, so we can understand your needs and offer tailored solutions.


Finding the unseen edge
With creativity, hard work and vision, we help clients discover what’s on the horizon.


Access to new paths
Our data-driven research and global reach allow clients to tap new opportunities.


Here to help you
achieve your goals
We have the experience and agility to partner with clients from individual investors to global CEOs. To see how we can help you work toward your goals—even as they evolve over years or generations—get started below.

I’m exploring solutions for:

Myself or my family


My client


My employees


A corporation, an institutional investor, a nonprofit or a government

“

At Morgan Stanley, we have one common goal: to deliver the full firm—our best advice, resources and products—to our clients. And we know it takes all of us working together to make that happen.

Selma Bueno

Head of Multicultural Client Strategy


Building a Future We Believe In
At Morgan Stanley, we put our beliefs to work. We lead with exceptional ideas, prioritize diversity and inclusion and find meaningful ways to give back—all to contribute to a future that benefits our clients and communities.


Investing in your values
With the Morgan Stanley IQ® tool, we help you invest in what matters most to you. Our patented impact reporting shows how your investments align to themes like climate change, gender equality and affordable housing—allowing your portfolio to reflect your values.3

 

Advancing the next generation
We believe everyone should have access to the tools they need to succeed—especially the next generation. By working with the youth development organization First Tee to integrate golf skills with life skills, we help kids—regardless of background—build character and confidence.

 

Designing a more inclusive future
Morgan Stanley is making space exploration even more accessible for female astronauts. We’ve worked to develop a new conceptual spacesuit, the “Access 1,” engineered to fit a broader range of bodies so more women can play a meaningful role in an expanding area of economic growth.

Get Started
Meet one of our Financial Advisors and see how we can help you.1

Find a Financial Advisor(opens in a new tab)

Stay in the Know
(opens in a new tab)
Five Ideas newsletter
Get the latest news, analyses and market trends with the Morgan Stanley Five Ideas newsletter, delivered straight to your inbox each week.

Email AddressSUBSCRIBE 
(opens in a new tab)(opens in a new tab)
Morgan Stanley podcasts
Our award-winning podcasts explore topics that shape how we live and invest. In-depth conversations offer fresh perspectives on today's most compelling issues for investors.

Subscribe on Apple(opens in a new tab)
Subscribe on Spotify(opens in a new tab)
 (opens in a new tab)
Exceptional Leaders / Exceptional Ideas video series
In this series from Morgan Stanley Research, our equity analysts sit down with business leaders at global companies to discuss broad foundational changes impacting sectors, industries and markets.

Watch the series(opens in a new tab)
 
 

 

1There are minimum asset levels and eligibility requirements to work with a dedicated Financial Advisor. 

Investing involves risk including the potential loss of principal invested. 

2E*TRADE charges $0 commission for online US-listed stock, ETF, mutual fund and options trades. Exclusions may apply and E*TRADE reserves the right to charge variable commission rates. The standard options contract fee is $0.65 per contract (or $0.50 per contract for customers who execute at least 30 stock, ETF, and options trades per quarter). The retail online $0 commission does not apply to Over-the-Counter (OTC) securities transactions, foreign stock transactions, large block transactions requiring special handling, transaction-fee mutual funds, futures, or fixed income investments. Service charges apply for trades placed through a broker ($25). Stock plan account transactions are subject to a separate commission schedule. All fees and expenses described in a fund’s prospectus apply.  Additional regulatory and exchange fees may apply. For more information about pricing, visit etrade.com/pricing

Securities products and services offered by E*TRADE Securities LLC, Member SIPC. E*TRADE Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC are separate but affiliated companies.

Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is a business of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC.

Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC is a registered Broker/Dealer, Member SIPC, and not a bank. Where appropriate, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC has entered into arrangements with banks and other third parties to assist in offering certain banking related products and services.

Investment products offered through E*TRADE Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC are: NOT FDIC INSURED | MAY LOSE VALUE | NOT BANK GUARANTEED | NOT A BANK DEPOSIT | NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY

3The Morgan Stanley Impact Quotient® report is an assessment of an investor’s portfolio (or subset thereof) utilizing various environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors. The metrics included in the report are based on key topic areas for sustainable and impact investing.

3The returns on a portfolio consisting primarily of ESG-aware investments may be lower or higher than a portfolio that is more diversified or where decisions are based solely on investment considerations. Because ESG criteria exclude some investments, investors may not be able to take advantage of the same opportunities or market trends as investors that do not use such criteria. 

First Tee is not affiliated with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, LLC.

© 2023 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. Member SIPC. CRC 5403358 1/23.

(opens in a new tab)
(opens in a new tab)
(opens in a new tab)
(opens in a new tab)
(opens in a new tab)
Disclosures
 Investor Relations
 Corporate Governance
 Newsroom
 Careers
Privacy & Cookies
 Your Privacy Choices
 Terms of Use
 Contact Us
 Global Offices
 Equal Employment Opportunity
© 2023 Morgan Stanley. All rights reserved.